PAM-33911: Multi-tenancy in streaming analytics (#576)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/apama/analytics-introduction-bundle/developing-apps.md

CUMULOCITY_TENANT=my_custom_tenant
```

If the project needs to run locally in a multi-tenant environment, enable the multi-tenant support and provide the name of the multi-tenant microservice to use 

> by configuring following properties in the *CumulocityIoT.properties* file under the Cumulocity IoT client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by configuring the following properties in the *CumulocityIoT.properties* file under the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} client:
```

Author: ok, done
